Breaking News Not For the Weak
 
        Patty Morland sat at the anchor desk with the map of the world behind her. There was a red dot at the centre of attention. The hot button was Detroit, Michigan.
        “It has been completely confirmed that aliens have landed on earth. I repeat aliens have landed on earth. This is not a hoax. I repeat, this is not a hoax. They have landed in Detroit, Michigan.”
        She turned around and looked at the map and shook her head.
        “The National Guard have been dispatched and we have sent a reporter out to investigate.  We will make contact in just a couple of minutes.  Things are very confused over there.”
        “In the meantime, I am joined by Leslie Trumbo, one of the foremost alien experts on the planet.”
        Leslie walks into the studio and takes a seat.
        “Hello, Leslie, thank you for joining us. You must be very excited at the news.”
        “Well, Patty, yes I am.  Over the years, I have chased thousands of leads only to be disappointed with the results. But, this one seems to be the real deal. From the hundreds of photos that have been splattered all over social media, it appears to be the real thing.”
        “Do you think you will be able to communicate with the aliens?”
        “This is one thing that I am hoping to do is to communicate with them. There could possibly be some language barriers, but there has to be a way of working things out. We have lined up a number of translators and are anticipating that one of them will be able to decipher what they are saying.”
        “Where do you think they are from?”
        “Well, the universe is a vast place and they could be from anywhere.  Of course, we don’t know any of the names of the planets, but I am sure that they will tell us.”
        “This could of course could open many doors.”
        “Absolutely!  If everything works out well, then we might be able to reciprocate. We could send a team out to their planet and maybe they would be able to solve some of our problems. After all, if they have figured out how to get to earth, then they must be truly advanced.”
        “So you think they could help us out in what way?”
        “They might be able to solve a lot of our pollution problems. After all, it is obvious they are aliens, but I am sure that they have similarities that will make us able to share experiences and possible solutions.”
        “Do you think that there will be some kind of friendship that might develop?”
        “That would be wonderful.”
        “Do you think that people will have an open mind?”
        “We are hoping that the average citizen and the authorities are graceful and understand that it will take time and cooperation in order to make a truly honest and strong connection.”
        “So you want to make friend with the aliens then why was the National Guard called out and put on high alert?”
        “This is strictly a precautionary measure. We are hoping that the aliens are friendly, but at the same time we just don’t know.”
        “How do you think this is going to change the world?”
        “It will change the world forever. I mean we have made real, unrestricted contact with aliens from another planet. This isn’t fiction, this isn’t Hollywood, this is reality of the moment we live in.”
        “We are just moments away from meeting the aliens. To our knowledge they have not disembarked from their spaceship. I would like to thank my guest today, Leslie Trumbo for joining us today.”
        “The pleasure is all mine, Patty. The reason that I was on this show was to extend an invitation to the aliens and to try and make the human race aware that there is no need to overact or to be afraid. After all, we don’t know what they want and hopefully it is friendly.”
        Leslie was about to leave when 
Patty stopped her.
        “Hang on, Leslie, why don’t you stay with us?”
        “I would love to.”
        “My producer is indicating that it would be to our benefit for you to stay because you can add informal insight into the conversation and what is about to unfold.”
        “It is my pleasure to be your guest anytime and help out if I can. I guess we have to wait with bated breath until they emerge from their spaceship.”
        “We have pictures of their spaceship is it what we are usually expecting it to look like?”
        “Yes, in some ways it is and in some says it isn’t, but that is fine. We have been so overwhelmed with photos of spaceships in the last seventy years or so that our mind has formed a complete mental picture of what an alien aircraft should look like.”
        “Of course. I have just been informed that there is a delay in the whole process. The aliens are locked up in the spaceship and have not been open as to when they will appear.”
        “If I might just add something?”
        “Absolutely, Leslie, we welcome your insight.”
        “There is a delicate balancing act to walk here. We don’t want to scare the aliens off with a show of military muscle or any type of aggression. However, if they are hostile, we don’t want them to think that they are going to enslave us.”
        “That is understandable.”
        “The problem here is that we have been spoiled and in some ways poisoned with images and built-in ideas of aliens. There have been so many movies and TV shows and books that have painted visitors from another planet in a very unfavourable light.”
        “Yes, we are definitely operating from behind the eight ball in a manner of speaking.”
        “Yes, this is a very closed minded situation.”
        “My producer is telling us that we are ready to connect with our reporter Rhonda Neuron. Rhonda can you hear us?”
        “Yes, Patty, I can hear you loud and clear. There is a great amount of anticipation and excitement and some fear. Nobody knows that to expect. But, it is agreed that this is going to change the world forever.  This is not a hoax or some movie or show.”
        “When do they expect the aliens to appear?”
        “They are going to appear right about now.”
        The area had been blocked off and there was a lot of room surrounding the spaceship.  The National Guard were ready if there was a problem.  The local police were keeping the crowd back.  Sharpshooters were on the roof just in case there was a situation. All that was left, was the aliens to walk out.
        The door to the spaceship slowly opened and everyone’s breath stopped. Their hearts were in their mouths.
        The door closed and there was a tremendous thrust of power. Suddenly, without warning, the spaceship took off and quickly disappeared in the bright blue sky.
        There was a lot of disappointment and some people shed a tear.
        “I am so disappointed,” said Leslie Trumbo.
        “So am I,” said Patty. “However, you have to admit that this has changed the world forever.”
        “I do. From this point on the debate of whether there is aliens is over.” Patty smiled. “Do you think that they will ever return?”  
        Leslie looked at Patty.
        “The debate will range on.”